O3-5765: Automatically clear queue entries on a schedule (#119)
openmrs/openmrs-module-queue: README.md

a particular Queue.  By default, the `existingValueSortWeightGenerator` will be utilized.

#### queue.autoCloseQueueEntriesAtTime

**Default Value:**  None (empty), which disables automatic clearing

**Required?**  False

**Description:**  
The time of day, in `HH:mm` 24-hour format and the server's local time, at which active queue entries are
automatically ended each day. A scheduled task ends every queue entry that was still active as of this time; entries
started later in the day are left untouched.

This property is blank by default, so no clearing happens until an implementer sets it. An ordinary outpatient clinic
that wants its queues emptied at end of day would set `23:59`. Leave it blank if queue entries are used for anything
that should survive overnight — tracking where inpatients currently are within a multi-day visit, for instance, or a
queue of patients to follow up with over the coming week. Use `queue.autoCloseQueueEntriesForQueues` to enable
clearing for some queues but not others.

The task is registered with the scheduler as `Queue Module - Auto Close Queue Entries` and appears on the Manage

> Scheduler page, where its interval can be changed or the task stopped altogether.

Reviewer: A stop from that page doesn't survive a restart, core reschedules every task with start-on-startup set
```suggestion
Scheduler page, where its interval can be changed or the task stopped until the next restart. Blanking this
property is what turns the clear off for good.
```
